One thing to keep in mind here, like see that it has some of these labeled browser,
these ones are the ones that actually occur in the browser, and the happy DOM ones,
you can run those, but it's actually not occurring in the browser. It's still occurring in Node,
and it's just reporting on stuff that's coming out of it. Someone asked earlier about coverage,
which is a good point. I don't have those in my notes, but I'm like,
YOLO, let's check. I think this should work, where you can just say in here as well,
the same coverage stuff we said. So coverage, text, JSON, and HTML, I think are the three.
I'm going to put those in both, and we should get the test coverage information out of this as well.
Let's just rerun all. So I don't think the test coverage stuff necessarily shows up in here.
Oh yeah, look, we have our checkout here as well. It's kind of cool.
But in our browser as well, we can still run our npm run coverage, and it should still work.
Oh, that's my API. npm run start, there we go. And here, npm run coverage should still work.
It might not work with the browser stuff still. Yeah, so this is kind of the
Vitest coverage does not work with Playwright. So you have to use Istanbul for this one,
or just ignore it on your browser tests. Oh, it's just going to be mad at me all the time for it.
That's annoying. Okay, so it looks like if we wanted to, we would have to switch to Istanbul
totally to keep our coverage stuff up as well. So not that that's very hard to,
to, I mean, in for a penny, in for a pound, right? Vitest coverage
V8. So we'll uninstall that one. And Istanbul.
All right. Now, YOLO, see what happens.
Oh, and you have to switch to coverage. This sub requires chromium as well, which is kind of fun.
We'll set this to chromium anyway, because it'll start up chromium instead of Firefox.
And then coverage provider. Oh, this has to be. Yeah, that's right. Coverage provider,
Istanbul, and reporter. Is that what it is? And this has to be text,
JSON, HTML. And we'll do the exact same thing over here.
And try one more time. Sure.
I guess, so I guess you need both of them to do. So run it again.
There we go. Now we're getting full coverage and all of our tests are working.
And it just required like nine dependencies. God bless node.
But one, one cool thing, notice that this is no longer a nightly. This is on chromium,
which is pretty cool. Right. And same thing. I think it's pretty easy for us to just go ahead
and throw so you can see like all my coverage stuff is coming out. Okay. As well. So I think this does
limit us now to be in chromium world, but I think if you want it to, you can say web kit.
And this will pop up. It should pop up. Yeah, it's going to complain about coverage now.
But if you, if we didn't have all the cover stuff in here, it would pop up Safari, right?
You could run all of your tests in Safari as well.
All right. So we'll, we'll leave it on chromium in Istanbul since we want everything to work
together. So I wanted to say one more thing here. There's a bit more complicated browser test case.
If you want to go check it out here, it goes over things like test ID and stuff like that.
We're going to go ahead and just keep going here. But if you want to play around with another test
example, this is what you would look at. It tests the header in the browser, which is kind of cool.
It tests the header in the browser, which is kind of cool.
So feel free to have a look at that if you're interested.
And you can also just go ahead and download 14 dash testing,
because that is all the testing that we're going to talk about.